Added validations for k8s gateway (#618)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Features/validations.md

#### Severity

<i class="fas fa-times-circle text-danger"></i> Error

## K8s Gateway {#k8sgateways}

### KIA1501 - More than one K8s Gateway for the same host and port combination 

> A k8s Gateway define a point where traffic can be translated to Services within the cluster. This is defined through the listeners or addresses. This validation warns the scenario where there is more than one Listener for the same port and host combinations in different k8s Gateways, where the traffic handling can be in a conflict. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A k8s Gateway defines a point where traffic can be translated to Services, within the cluster. This is defined through listeners or addresses. This validation warns when finding multiple Listener definitions for the same port and host combination, in different k8s Gateways.  In this case the traffic handling can be in conflict.
```

The exception to this rule is where the listeners specify different handlers. That is the reason why the severity is a warning. 

#### Resolution

> Remove the duplicate k8s gateway entries or merge the two k8s gateway definitions into a single one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove or merge the duplicate k8s gateway entries.
```

#### Severity

<i class="fas fa-exclamation-triangle text-warning"></i> Warning

#### Example

```yaml
{{% readfile file="/static/files/validation_examples/1501.yaml" %}}
```

### KIA1502 - More than one K8s Gateway for the address and type combination

> A k8s Gateway define a point where traffic can be translated to Services within the cluster. This is defined through the listeners or addresses. This validation warns the scenario where there is more than one address (type and value) in different k8s Gateways, where the traffic handling can be in a conflict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A k8s Gateway defines a point where traffic can be translated to Services within the cluster. This is defined through listeners or addresses. This validation warns when finding more than one address (type and value) in different k8s Gateways, where the traffic handling can be in conflict.
```

#### Resolution

> Remove the duplicate k8s gateway entries or merge the two k8s gateway definitions into a single one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove or merge the duplicate k8s gateway entries.
```

#### Severity

<i class="fas fa-exclamation-triangle text-warning"></i> Warning

#### Example

```yaml
{{% readfile file="/static/files/validation_examples/1502.yaml" %}}
```

### GWAPI - Gateway API status

The Gateway object provides a GatewayStatus to provide the status relative to the state represented in the spec. 

> The validations under GWAPI rule are generic and will highlight any invalid status created by the Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The validations under the GWAPI rule are generic and will highlight any invalid status created by the Gateway.
```
